Rampage: Outline and Development

Rampage serves firstly as a game, and secondly as a prototype for Over The Ether.
Rampage is a 2D top-down strategy zombie game. Players harvest resources and try
their best to fight off the invading hordes. This is not a rogue-like so players
should be able to save the game and play previous saves.

= Typical Play Cycle:

Intro: Players will start off with a few bare resources to get themselves
started. This may include 1 turret with a few basic terrain harvesters.

1. Collect and process resources from the local terrain. 

2. Used processed resources to construct defenses or R&D, including repairs.

3. Fight off the invading horde.

4. Repeat.

Ideas:

Add a research tree that players can use by putting down
special research buildings, unlocking more powerful tech.

= Modularity:

	Rampage, and by extension, Over The Ether, are at its core meant to be highly easy-to-mod games.
If there is one thing that helps keep a game alive, its by allowing its players to mod the game.
Based on the fact that Rampage is made in C++, adding mod support will allow modders to create
visually and physically complicated scenes but not hinder performance in any way.

= Engine:

	The Rampage engine is ECS oriented. Meaning mostly everything in the game will have an ID.
Obviously, assigning everything an ID does not necessarily constitute efficiency or flexibility,
so for more rigid data types, or once instantiated data types, the ECS world also contains contexts.
Contexts are data types that are singletons. You may access them simply by just knowing their data type.
Being that they are singletons, there is only one per application execution. For sake of reading comprehension,
this idea will be shortened to ECSC, or Entity Component Systems with Contexts (ECSC)

	The only other drastic change to the typical ECS approach is that fact that component registration and 
systems execution is grouped together in something called modules. Modules group components and systems
that directly interact with each other all under one. E.g. transform, rigid body, and collision queue components
are all under the Physics Module. This paradigm was brought on to help streamline development by 
organizing similar code together. Modules are not just a data type, but they are full blown objects.
They can also be accessed much like a context, with the catch being they have a designated .run()
method that is ran once per world frame. Modules may be disabled, thus disabling .run(). This will not, 
however, prevent their data from being accessed. I love abbreviations and acronyms:
Entity Component System with Contexts and Modules (ECSCM)

Serialization...

	The most complicated part is yet to come, that being is serialization. Serialization is something
I have struggled with as a developer, for quite literally almost years, especially when it comes
to developing reliable multiplayer protocols that can handle the type of physics interactions that
Rampage and Over The Ether can violently induce.

	One thing I've slowly realized is that while untyped serialization 
*can be fine* unless you know exactly what your multiplayer protocol and message layout is going to be,
the struggle of trying to figure out why all of your incoming or outgoing messages look like garbo
for hours has made realize that untyped serialization may not be as cool as I thought.
It looks cool, it looks fast, but there is a catch. There is always a catch. At first its quick and
fast and bing bada boom, youve already got simple chat system going on, but when these systems
expand or you add new ones, rather than being a benefit, untyped serialization actually becomes
a pain. Anyways, cutting to the chase, Rampage will be using typed serialization. Its better
and causes less tech debt. 

	Serializing entities means serializing their components and then attaching that data to a number.
Serializing game state is more than just their entities, its also the data contained within contexts and 
modules that matters as well. So when loading serialized data in we must look also look at what modules 
and context were loaded in as well. Fortunately this is pretty straightforward due to the fact we are 
using typed serialization approach paired with an ECSCM approach.

Entities
  |- Components
Modules
Contexts











